feat(Date Picker): Add Date Picker component (#2660)
Amsterdam/design-system: storybook/src/components/DatePicker/DatePicker.docs.mdx

Reviewer: Clicking on the `Show code` buttons in the [demo](https://designsystem.amsterdam/demo-DES-1856-date-picker/?path=/docs/components-forms-date-picker--docs) takes me to an empty Storybook view. What’s going on?

Author: Not sure, they look fine for me:

<img width="591" height="531" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ce671909-1cff-4c94-9b02-408451e3e208" />

Reviewer: Now they do for me too. 🤷🏻

{/* @license CC0-1.0 */}

import { Canvas, Controls, Description, Meta, Primary, Title } from "@storybook/addon-docs/blocks";

import * as DatePickerStories from "./DatePicker.stories.tsx";
import tokens from "../../../../packages-proprietary/tokens/src/components/ams/date-picker.tokens.json";

import { DesignTokensTable } from "../../_components/DesignTokensTable/DesignTokensTable";

<Meta of={DatePickerStories} />

<Title />

<Description of={DatePickerStories} />

<Primary />

> <Controls />

Reviewer: Why are many of the controls not editable?

EDIT: I’ve [learned why](https://github.com/Amsterdam/design-system/pull/2660#discussion_r3395078212).

## Usage guidelines

### When to use

Use a Date Picker when someone needs to choose a date or date range from a visible calendar, for example to book an appointment.

### When not to use

Use a [Date Input](/docs/components-forms-date-input--docs) instead when the user knows the date and can type it into a form field.

> Use a [Calendar](/docs/components-navigation-calendar--docs) instead to browse content grouped by date, such as an events calendar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use a [Date Input](/docs/components-forms-date-input--docs) when the user knows the date and can type it into a form field.
- Use a [Calendar](/docs/components-navigation-calendar--docs) to browse content grouped by date, such as an events calendar.
```

“Instead” is not needed because the heading ‘When not to use’ already implies that these are alternative use-cases.

I think that making this a list adds clarity.

I’ve considered switching the use-case and the imperative form:

```
- When the user knows the date and can type it into a form field use a [Date Input](/docs/components-forms-date-input--docs).
```

But I guess it’s better the way it was.

Author: Applied your suggestion separately.

### How to use

The Date Picker is a controlled component: it keeps no selection of its own.
Pass the current selection with `value` and update it in the `onChange` handler.

In the default single mode, `value` is a `Date` or `null` and `onChange` receives the picked date.
In range mode, set `mode="range"`; `value` is a `DateRange` (`{ start, end }`) and `onChange` receives the updated range.
The first pick sets the start, the second sets the end, and picking before the start begins a new range.

## Examples

### Range selection

> <Canvas of={DatePickerStories.Range} />

Reviewer: I think this example could use a bit more guidelines. How will users know that this a date range selection? Developers or content editors need to add that context with text. The component in its bare state does not communicate “I’m a date range picker!”.

Author: Yes, added a good intro.

### Limiting the selectable period

Use `minDate` and `maxDate` to bound the selectable period.
Dates outside the range cannot be selected, and the month and year navigation buttons stop at the edges of the range.

> <Canvas of={DatePickerStories.LimitedToOneMonth} />

Reviewer: Maybe it would be nice if this example or another example showed what the Date Picker looks like when the `minDate` or `maxDate` are inside the current month. What do the not-selectable dates look like?

It’s not possible to play around with the `min`- and `maxDate` in the controls. Same for many of the other props. Why is this so?

EDIT: I’ve [learned why](https://github.com/Amsterdam/design-system/pull/2660#discussion_r3395078212).

Author: > Maybe it would be nice if this example or another example showed what the Date Picker looks like when the `minDate` or `maxDate` are inside the current month. What do the not-selectable dates look like?

Good idea, I’ve added a ‘Limiting the selectable period’ example.
